Rewrite docs for core concepts (#395)
kitbagjs/router: docs/core-concepts/external-routes.md

> # External Routes

Author: Do you feel strongly its not a core concept? It reads very nicely to go from routes to external routes. 

As far as meta vs state. I'd rather describe what they are rather than be descriptive on how to use them. Which I think we can do in the route docs.

> # External Routes

Reviewer: I understand not wanting to bloat docs with how we think you should use things. 

I'm in favor of getting users to basic understanding as quickly and simply as possible. Majority of users will probably never use external routes.

> You can also define external routes. External routes are just like normal routes except they must be provided a `host` and they can only have the `name`, `host`, `path`, `query`, and `hash` properties. An external route's host can be provided by a parent. When navigating to an external route, the router will simply push the url to the browser's history.

Author: "With Kitbag Router" is pretty redundant since we're on the kitbag router docs. The "greatest parent" piece is also a little confusing IMO. How about this version? 

```suggestion
External routes allow you to define routes for things outside of your application. External routes have all the same functionality of normal routes, including [params](/core-concepts/params). When navigating to an external route, the router will simply push the url to the browsers history. 

When defining an external route a `host` must be provided, or it can be inherited from a `parent`.
```

> You can also define external routes. External routes are just like normal routes except they must be provided a `host` and they can only have the `name`, `host`, `path`, `query`, and `hash` properties. An external route's host can be provided by a parent. When navigating to an external route, the router will simply push the url to the browser's history.

Reviewer: I'm good with your version. I mostly didn't like a sentence that starts with "You" but I do kinda like using "Kitbag Router" throughout. Yes they're in our docs but the name might be new to them. The more we can drill it the better maybe.

> You can also define external routes. External routes are just like normal routes except they must be provided a `host` and they can only have the `name`, `host`, `path`, `query`, and `hash` properties. An external route's host can be provided by a parent. When navigating to an external route, the router will simply push the url to the browser's history.

Author: Agreed that starting with "you" is something we should avoid.
